Cli parameter for GUI client + QT_LOGGING_RULES (#396)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/advanced_usage/environment_variables.adoc

| `OCC_UPDATE_URL`
| unset
| This value can be set in the environment of the client to let the client choose a different update URL for testing purposes. 

| `QT_LOGGING_RULES`
| unset

> | This value can be used to control the log content, You can find examples here: troubleshooting.html#control-log-content and here: https://community.kde.org/Guidelines_and_HOWTOs/Debugging/Using_Error_Messages#Controlling_Messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This value can be used to control the log content, see examples at xref:appendices/troubleshooting.adoc#control-log-content[Control Log Content] and  https://community.kde.org/Guidelines_and_HOWTOs/Debugging/Using_Error_Messages#Controlling_Messages[Controlling Messages].
```
